When my daughter Emma died in 2009,
I thought the worst pain was over.
I was wrong.
She was only 10.
Hit by a drunk driver while riding her
bike in front of our house. I don't need
to describe the hell that followed. I
mean, if if you lost a child, you
already know it. If you haven't, then
thank whatever God you believe in.
[Music]
The first voicemail
came on what would have been her
24th birthday.
It was 3:16 a.m. and my phone buzzed. I
was already awake. Insomnia has been on
my shadow since we buried her.
and I recognized the number instantly.
It was hers. We kept our phone plan
going for a while after her death just
to hear her voice on the voicemail.
Eventually, we canceled it. Or
I thought we did.
The message was only a few seconds long.
Dad
and then static.
I sat up in my bed. Not a glitchy AI
sound, not some kind of kid playing a
prank. That was Emma, soft and confused,
just like she used to sound when she
woke up from a nightmare.
I didn't sleep the rest of that night. I
I didn't tell anyone.
The next night, it happened again.
Dad,
are you still mad at me?
static,
then silence.
I stopped checking the messages for a
few days, thinking if I didn't listen,
it would stop.
But it didn't. They came every night at
3:16 a.m. Exactly. Always from her old
number, always her voice. I finally gave
in and listened to all of them.
Some of them were whispers that I
couldn't make out. Some were just
Some were just sobbing.
One night she said,
"I'm cold.
It's so dark here."
I took the phone to the police.
The officer was sympathetic but firm.
Probably a scam. Maybe some kind of sick
hacking.
Said that they'd look into it.
They never called me back.
I contacted the phone company. Their
number had been reassigned to a teenager
in Wisconsin. I spoke to his mother. She
said he hadn't used the phone in months.
He lost it.
Around the same time the voicemail
started.
My therapist told me it was grief,
unresolved trauma, that my brain was
just playing tricks on me. But here's
the thing.
Emma said something in her last
voicemail that shattered any doubt.
It was June 3rd,
the anniversary of her death.
And the message was longer this time.
Dad,
I saw you by the bike. I tried to yell.
I waved.
You looked right through me.
Now pause. And
why did you pretend you couldn't see me?
[Music]
I hadn't told anyone. I visited the
exact spot that day. Not my sister, not
my ex-wife, no one.
And I did think I saw something. I
a flicker in the corner of my eye, a
small figure in a blue jacket, the same
one that she was wearing that day. But
when I turned, nothing was there.
I told myself it was my imagination.
Then came the final message two nights
ago.
It was different, was louder, more
alive.
Daddy, I'm not supposed to talk to you
anymore.
He's getting mad.
Static.
Static crackled like fire. And then I
heard a new voice. Not Emma's. It was
deep and slow and and wrong. And it it
it said, "Stop looking.
You'll see us soon enough
and the line went dead.
I smashed the phone.
Yesterday, I got a new number, new
provider, burned the old SIM, brand new
phone, and still tonight at exactly 3:16
a.m. the phone buzzed.
One new voicemail
from Emma.
[Music]
It's been four nights.
I thought sharing this might help. I
don't know.
Maybe if I released it somehow, maybe
give it shape, maybe that would make it
stop.
It didn't. The voicemails still come
every single night. 3:16 a.m. Not a
minute before, not a minute after. I I
used to bolt upright when it happened.
Heart in my throat, breath caught, and
now I just lie there and I wait for the
buzz like a like a ritual.
I don't listen anymore. Not all the way
through. I just let them pile up in my
inbox, collecting like like dust in a
forgotten room.
But last night, I couldn't ignore it.
It started with Emma's voice again,
soft, wavering the way that she used to
sound when she she was trying to be
brave, but needed me. "I'm scared,
Daddy," she said. "He's getting closer.
I can't hide here much longer.
And then static, sharp, and sudden, it
heard my ears through a speaker. And
then something I couldn't quite catch. A
whisper slurred or maybe layered over
itself like multiple voices saying the
same thing out of sync.
Then then I heard it.
A clicking like fingernails tapping
glass. A slow deliberate rhythm. One,
two, pause. One, two, three. I didn't
recognize the pattern, but it felt
intentional, like something trying to
signal or get my attention. And then I
It just
stopped.
Dead silence.
I didn't I didn't sleep. I I couldn't. I
waited for dawn like it was a promise.
This morning, I checked the house. Every
window had scratches, thin, fine marks,
like something sharp had traced lines
across the glass. Some of them were so
high up I needed a stepladder just to
get a closer look. I mean, I live alone.
I have no pets, no trees brushing the
house. No explanation. And then out
front in the grass near the road.
that road.
I saw something caught on a low branch
by the ditch where the accident
happened.
It was a piece of fabric,
blue,
faded denim,
torn in a pattern I knew too well. I ran
inside. I climbed into the attic, yanked
the old sealed storage box down with
shaking hands.
her jacket, the one she wore the day she
died. It was still inside. I I kept it
for the smell, the memory.
It zipped in a vacuum bag, untouched
since the funeral, and I opened it just
to be sure.
The tear on the shoulder
matched exactly
the one outside, it looked it looked
new, like it had just been ripped. No
dirt, no weathering, no fading from
sunlight, not even not even dew. Fresh.
It was fresh, clean fabric. This was the
moment I stopped pretending I could
logic my way through this tonight.
Actually, just an hour ago,
something changed.
It wasn't a voicemail.
It was a text from her number.
Just two words.
Come outside.
No punctuation, no context. Ju just
that.
And I won't lie. I stood there with my
phone in my hand for what felt like
forever. My thumb hovering over the
screen like I was going to reply.
My heart wasn't racing. I wasn't
panicking. There was something worse.
That warmth, that
aching
familiarity.
It felt like her.
It felt like those nights she used to
crawl into bed after a nightmare curled
against my chest. Her breath slow. And
even as she drifted back to sleep, I
could almost feel
her weight
again. Like her little hand tangled in
my shirt.
I almost opened the door. My hand, it
was on the knob when a phrase someone
had commented came back to me like a
jolt of cold water.
If she ever asks you to go somewhere,
don't.
I stopped.
I turned off the porch light. I waited
and then
and then I looked.
Just a quick glance through the curtain,
but I saw something at the edge of my
driveway. small, still dressed in a blue
jacket. Her size, her shape,
but too still
like
like a photo standing upright in the
dark.
I blinked.
It was gone.
No sound, no movement, just the soft hum
of the street light overhead and the
sudden certainty that something out
there knew I was watching.
I don't know what this is anymore. I
don't know if it's my daughter or
something that remembers her better than
I do, but I do know this.
It wants to be let in and it doesn't
want to be ignored.
I'll update again if I'm still here.
I didn't sleep last night.
I don't really know why. There was no
buzzing at 3:16 a.m. No voicemail, no
message, nothing at all. You'd think I'd
feel relief, but instead I I felt
hollow,
like something was missing, worst
waiting.
I sat in bed, phone in my hand, screen
lit, nothing, nothing came, no
notification, no blocked number, no
whisper of her voice, just the glow of
the lock screen and the steady tick of
the clock beside my bed.
And yet
the dread didn't go away.
This morning when I stepped out onto the
porch, I found something on the door
mattis.
A single Polaroid photo, no envelope, no
note,
no sign that anyone had been near the
house. just
just the photo.
I stared at it for a long time before I
picked it up.
Something about it made my stomach
twist. Like like I already knew what
would be on it. Like I already seen it
before. Maybe in a dream that I'd
forgotten or a memory I never wanted to
have.
There was a picture of Emma's bike.
The one she was riding when she died,
except the photo wasn't old. It
wasn't from that day. I know because the
grass in the background still had the
bear patches I receded just a few weeks
ago. My my neighbor's car is in the
driveway. The garbage bins tipped the
same way it was yesterday morning when
the wind knocked it over it.
It was recent.
The bike was propped on its kickstand at
the edge of the road right where the
accident happened.
The back wheel was bent. The seat was
torn exactly as I remember it after the
crash. But we don't
we don't have that bike anymore.
We buried it along with her. I checked
the spot. There's nothing there. No tire
tracks, no bike, no photo prints
anywhere else.
Just grass and silence and the faint
smell of rain that never came
inside. I set the photo on the table and
stared at it for hours. I couldn't
couldn't touch it again. My fingers
itched to flip it, but I was scared of
what might be there. And finally,
finally, I did.
The back was blank except for two words
written faintly in pencil, not printed.
They were written
and they were written in her
handwriting.
I
remember
that that broke something in me. I don't
know if I'm supposed to remember
something or if she does something I
buried deeper than her jacket or the
sealed boxes in the attic. Something I
don't I I don't want pulled into the
light. I want to believe it's her so
badly it hurts. But
a memory doesn't doesn't knock on your
door. It doesn't whisper through phone
lines. It doesn't dig up a rusted bike
and pose it like an offering.
And tonight, at exactly 3:16 a.m., my
phone buzzed again,
not a voicemail,
a FaceTime
from her number.
And for one second, just before I
declined it, the thumbnail preview
showed something,
something from behind me,
something
smiling.
[Music]
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. pasta and I
just wanted to tell you thank you so
much for watching tonight's video or for
listening to tonight's episode of the
podcast wherever you happen to do that.
So if it's like on YouTube then you're
probably you know watching the video but
if it's on um not then you're probably
listening to the podcast like with
Spotify or with Apple or something like
that. But yeah, thank you so much for uh
for listening and as always I want to
give a very big thank you to everybody
who supports me over at Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Ren Crow, Runstone,
Pandemonium, Caluna, Chain Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Kension,
Cronut 58, Crusader Choo, Curs Primark,
Dakota Best, Dangelo Pollson, Dante
Concincaid, Diana Krauss, Ellie Hutmire,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna Holly,
Hades Nephew, Himojerry, Hour Minute
Seconds Time, Jay Kees, Janettis Pep,
Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
Psychomel, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise, Samine,
Selude, Simba's Bloody Mojo, Sky Harbor,
Smiley Psychotic, Sully Man, Talisu, The
Chavez Brothers. Thank you so much. And
honestly, thank you to everybody, even
those guys that are in there for just
$1. It really helps me out. Once again,
that's patreon.com/mrcvypasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, it helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. And sweet dreams.